While we're still on the subject of the fireworks I also would like to cover dummy text.
You see there there's gonna be situations where you know that there's gonna be some kind of content
but you don't have the actual content.
And also as you can see in this case it would also serve me really well since that I don't have to type
all this gibberish.
Now how do we can create dummy text in nation email.
The fastest way we've seen name it and let me just delete this first if I'm gonna type Lorem.
You will notice that I'm getting some kind of command.
So if I'm just gonna press it over here notice what's gonna happen.
Basically we're gonna be getting a dummy text Lorem hip some text.
Now we can control how big it is because for now as you can see as I save this.
Check this out.
So this would be my text and there's just specific amount of words or I can also control how many words
I'm getting from this dummy text so I can say Lorem and then I would need to specifically say how many
words.
So if I fired 150 All right.
He fired one 10 but I was there I'd get 10 words.
And again press tab or return.
And sure enough we're gonna be getting this dummy text.
Now if you don't like for some reason using it in your email then you can also search for this law remember
some kind of universal dummy text so you can just say Lorem Epsilon and you're gonna be getting tons
of generators that pretty much give you the dummy text.
Now if you like to be a hipster you can just use Laura maybe some hipster and this is just gonna give
you a dummy text that has basically a bunch of hipster words.
So let's say I could say five paragraphs again we just click on b me.
And as you notice here instead of this Laura maybe some typical dummy text we're getting all kinds of
hipster words.
So if you are a hipster or you would like to be a hipster maybe you would want this dummy text as a
hipster Epsom.